An Tong
Seeing you like this
I'm getting happier the more I watch it.
You don't mean to ask me
Where did the video come from?
An Tong has something you said particularly right
People are doing it and the sky is watching
Even God can't stand it
You look so proud
I really regret not firing you in the first place, do I?
Since you are so capable
Then I'll wait.
Don't be too proud
Are you looking for Yang Yijie's help?
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
The first sister has been with me for a long time
Why weren't any celebrities present on the day of the press conference?
Don't you doubt
An insider leaked the news
Oh, that's right.
I have to thank him
He made the call for me
Otherwise, how could I hit you with one hit?
Ah, no way.
He won't betray me.
That's impossible.
Is this true or false?
Impossible An Tong
You've got nothing left.
It also became the laughing stock of everyone
I am the war
The final winner
Hmph hahahaha
Lin Yue
I won't let you go.